SCANGRADLE-57 Make the release process "build once" compatible (#300)
SonarSource/sonar-scanner-gradle: README.md

./gradlew clean build
```

If you face an error related to dependencies checksums, you can update `gradle/verification-metadata.xml` and review it.
```bash
./gradlew build --write-verification-metadata sha256
git diff -- gradle/verification-metadata.xml
```

> Replace all `origin="Generated by Gradle"` with `origin="Verified"`

Reviewer: Once
```suggestion
Once you have reviewed the changes, replace `origin="Generated by Gradle"` with `origin="Verified"` for the changes you accepted.
```
